I want you to take her to HR, fire her immediately.
Whatever your intentions may be here, then I welcome.
And we have a meeting with a Chinese client today.
Elise is the only one in the secretarial department
who speaks fluent Mandarin.
Elise, this is your one chance.
OK, don't blow it.
I can do it.
Oh, she's exact.
Elise.
Yes, Mr. Croft?
And he's going to take you to sign the contract
to be my new secretary.
Really?
I don't have to leave.
She's the longest performer we've had here today.
Professional.
Of course, Mr. Croft.
I promise I will work really hard and I won't let you down.
Well, I guess good looks are worth something around here.
Must be nice.
Meanwhile, the rest of us have to do actual work around here
in our nice outfit.
Must have cost a pretty penny.
But you know what?
Mr. Croft hates a gold digger.
Well, if you're so above it all,
why don't you work for Mr. Croft for a bono?
I bet he'd love that.
I only love when employees back up their salaries
at the performance.
Hey, can you drive?
Yes, I can.
Good catch.
Mr. Croft?
Elise, I thought you said you could drive.
Well, I haven't driven all that much since I got my license.
Are you all right?
You're gone.
Elise, your hand.
I'm sorry.
What is this?